= BillGastro -- The innovative Point Of Sale Software for your Restaurant

BillGastro is a fully fledged POS Point of Sales Software which helps you manage your daily business in your Restaurant, Bar or Shop. On the client side it is based on HTML, CSS and Javascript, on the server side it is based on Ruby on Rails and a SQL database. Because it is based on standard web technologies, it can immediately be used with a wide variety of cheap devices without much adaption: desktops, laptops, handhelds, tablet PC's and smartphones. Just fire up your browser and enter the BillGastro URL. BillGastro can distinguish between workstations and mobile devices and comes with two styles that accomodate large and small screen sizes. Further, BillGastro supports the ESCPOS language of invoice thermo printers.

BillGastro features the newest web technologies. Being ported to Ruby 1.9, Rails 3, jQuery, a brand new fully AJAX-ified user interface, having caching buit in, being a lightweight of only 220k bytes of code it delivers optimal performance while having a rich, action-packed set of cool features, from drag & drop to dynamic searches to speaking 5 languages: English, German, French, Spanish and Turkish.

BillGastro is real-world-tested in several gastronomy businesses -- high-stress and high-pressure environments -- and continues to be used live. It has eye-candy graphics and has been optimized for fast and efficient handling over a period of 3 years of feedback from waiters.

Have a look at http://billgastro.com to see a full set of features, screenshots and services.

== Try it live!

You can try BillGastro immediately. Go to [demo.billgastro.com](http://demo.billgastro.com) and log yourself in with username "admin" and password "admin".

== Usage Hints

After you've logged in, you can click on the client logo on the top left of the screen. This opens up the admin menu and enables drag and drop of the tables. When the admin menu is closed, table dragging is disabled. The rest of the application is pretty self-explanatory.

== Contact

Dipl.-Ing. (FH) Michael Franzl

office@billgastro.com
